so here we are on the Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge we're
here looking for caribou antlers
and bones
we are pretty much finding bones
wherever we go we have here is a
shed full caribou antler so I'm
a large male this is where it
attaches to the skull and these
two points are these two ends
rather have been cut by humans
with interesting about that is
that this and we're judging by
the weathering is probably a few
hundred years old that looks
like we have a real long-term
record of human caribou
interactions what we're doing
with all these bones is trying
to put together a picture of
what this ecosystem was like
centuries to thousands of years
ago the Arctic refuge is an
amazing place
gorgeous landscapes incredible
wildlife doing beautiful rivers
to flow past but it has some
challenges including an epic
number of frogs here they're
landing on the Arkham and
Wildlife Refuge friends
yeah
this field work is hard weather
is bad
often the bugs are horrendous
the food is pretty darn lousy
life . the excitement we have of
getting out of our tents that
and finding the bones that are
out there
it drives us we're finding
things that have never been seen
before and it's incredibly
exciting
looking good yeah we like it
here approximately 2,000 beluga
whales come here every summer to
Walter skin socialize raise
their young and just below the
party